Update device-onboarding-macos-overview.md (#11537)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/compliance/device-onboarding-macos-overview.md

See, [Microsoft 365 licensing guidance for information protection](/office365/servicedescriptions/microsoft-365-service-descriptions/microsoft-365-tenantlevel-services-licensing-guidance/microsoft-365-security-compliance-licensing-guidance#information-protection-data-loss-prevention-for-exchange-online-sharepoint-online-and-onedrive-for-business).

## Conditions supported on macOS 

Once a macOS device is onboarded into Microsoft Purview solutions, you can use the following condition with data loss prevention (DLP) policies

> **Content Contains** – Apply to documents that contain sensitive information types, sensitivity labels 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once a macOS device is onboarded into Microsoft Purview solutions, you can use the following condition with data loss prevention (DLP) policies:

**Content Contains** – Applies to documents that contain sensitive information types and sensitivity labels. 
```
